Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream it. Believe it. Build it.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
If you're going through hell keep going.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
What would you do if you weren't afraid.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
Tough times don’t last. Tough people do.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
You have to be at your strongest when you’re feeling at your weakest.
Never give up. Great things take time. Be patient.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
You have to be at your strongest when you’re feeling at your weakest.
Courage is one step ahead of fear.
If you feel like giving up, just look back on how far you are already.
Look in the mirror. That’s your competition.
Focus on your goal. Don’t look in any direction but ahead.
Remember it’s just a bad day, not a bad life.
You don’t gain anything from stressing. Remember that.
You have to be at your strongest when you’re feeling at your weakest.
Success is what happens after you have survived all of your disappointments.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear
Pain is temporary, Quitting lasts forever
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey
A problem is a chance for you to do your best
Hard times don’t create heroes, It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed
Whatever is worrying you right now, forget about it
Take a deep breath, stay positive and know that things will get better
It’s not about perfect, It’s about effort
Believe you can and you’re halfway there
Challenges are what make life interesting
Overcoming them is what makes them meaningful
You are so much more than what you are going through
Passion first and everything will fall into place
Difficult roads always lead to beautiful destinations
Staying positive does not mean that things will turn out okay
Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out
Goals may give focus, but dreams give power
Don’t wish it were easier, Wish you were better
Your mind is a powerful thing
When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change
Hustle until you no longer have to introduce yourself
Success is what happens after you have survived all of your disappointments
You don’t always get what you wish for
But you always get what you work for
You don’t find will power, you create it
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it
You cannot fail at being yourself
Don’t wait for opportunity, Create it
You are the only one who can limit your greatness
The first and greatest victory is to conquer self
Results happen over time, not overnight
Work hard, stay consistent, and be patient
With confidence you have won before you have started
Success is what comes after you stop making excuses
You don’t want to look back and know you could have done better
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it
Be so good they can’t ignore you
You will never always be motivated
You have to learn to be disciplined
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you’ll find a way to get it
The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do
Motivation is what gets you started
Habit is what keeps you going
Never stop trying, Never stop believing
Never give up, Your day will come
Results happen over time, not overnight
Work hard, stay consistent, and be patient
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall
Success is what happens after you have survived all of your disappointments
Don’t try to be perfect
Just try to be better than you were yesterday
Start where you are, Use what you have
Do what you can,Don’t stop until you’re proud
Strength does not come from physical capacity
It comes from an indomitable will
I’m not telling you it is going to be easy, I’m telling you it’s going to be worth it
If you want it, you’ll find a way
If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do
It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day
We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity
When you fear your struggles, your struggles consume you
When you face your struggles, you overcome them
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it
The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear
Keep going, Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time
Set a goal so big that you can’t achieve it until you grow into the person who can
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them
The path to success is to take massive, determined action
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be
If you get tired, learn to rest, not quit
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.
The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don’t Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character.
It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.
If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don’t Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You.
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.
Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough.
Entrepreneurs Are Great At Dealing With Uncertainty And Also Very Good At Minimizing Risk. That’s The Classic Entrepreneur.
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.
Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do.
Imagine Your Life Is Perfect In Every Respect; What Would It Look Like?
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.
Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.
Security Is Mostly A Superstition. Life Is Either A Daring Adventure Or Nothing.
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.
The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.
What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.
Develop An ‘Attitude Of Gratitude’. Say Thank You To Everyone You Meet For Everything They Do For You.
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.
Reading Is To The Mind, As Exercise Is To The Body.
Fake It Until You Make It! Act As If You Had All The Confidence You Require Until It Becomes Your Reality.
The Future Belongs To The Competent. Get Good, Get Better, Be The Best!
For Every Reason It’s Not Possible, There Are Hundreds Of People Who Have Faced The Same Circumstances And Succeeded.
Things Work Out Best For Those Who Make The Best Of How Things Work Out.
A Room Without Books Is Like A Body Without A Soul.
I Think Goals Should Never Be Easy, They Should Force You To Work, Even If They Are Uncomfortable At The Time.
One Of The Lessons That I Grew Up With Was To Always Stay True To Yourself And Never Let What Somebody Else Says Distract You From Your Goals.
Today’s Accomplishments Were Yesterday’s Impossibilities.
The Only Way To Do Great Work Is To Love What You Do. If You Haven’t Found It Yet, Keep Looking. Don’t Settle.
You Don’t Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great.
A Clear Vision, Backed By Definite Plans, Gives You A Tremendous Feeling Of Confidence And Personal Power.
There Are No Limits To What You Can Accomplish, Except The Limits You Place On Your Own Thinking.
Integrity Is The Most Valuable And Respected Quality Of Leadership. Always Keep Your Word.
Leadership Is The Ability To Get Extraordinary Achievement From Ordinary People
Leaders Set High Standards. Refuse To Tolerate Mediocrity Or Poor Performance
Clarity Is The Key To Effective Leadership. What Are Your Goals?
The Best Leaders Have A High Consideration Factor. They Really Care About Their People
Leaders Think And Talk About The Solutions. Followers Think And Talk About The Problems.
The Key Responsibility Of Leadership Is To Think About The Future. No One Else Can Do It For You.
The Effective Leader Recognizes That They Are More Dependent On Their People Than They Are On Them. Walk Softly.
Leaders Never Use The Word Failure. They Look Upon Setbacks As Learning Experiences.
Practice Golden Rule Management In Everything You Do. Manage Others The Way You Would Like To Be Managed.
Superior Leaders Are Willing To Admit A Mistake And Cut Their Losses. Be Willing To Admit That You’ve Changed Your Mind. Don’t Persist When The Original Decision Turns Out To Be A Poor One.
Leaders Are Anticipatory Thinkers. They Consider All Consequences Of Their Behaviors Before They Act.
The True Test Of Leadership Is How Well You Function In A Crisis.
Leaders Concentrate Single-Mindedly On One Thing– The Most Important Thing, And They Stay At It Until It’s Complete.
The Three ‘C’s’ Of Leadership Are Consideration, Caring, And Courtesy. Be Polite To Everyone.
Respect Is The Key Determinant Of High-Performance Leadership. How Much People Respect You Determines How Well They Perform.
Leadership Is More Who You Are Than What You Do.
Entrepreneurial Leadership Requires The Ability To Move Quickly When Opportunity Presents Itself.
Leaders Are Innovative, Entrepreneurial, And Future-Oriented. They Focus On Getting The Job Done.
Leaders Are Never Satisfied; They Continually Strive To Be Better.